[DOCS]Nodes need access to storage.googleapis.com for geoip (#95554)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ingest/processors/geoip.asciidoc

[[geoip-automatic-updates]]
By default, the processor uses the GeoLite2 City, GeoLite2 Country, and GeoLite2
ASN GeoIP2 databases from http://dev.maxmind.com/geoip/geoip2/geolite2/[MaxMind], shared under the

> CC BY-SA 4.0 license. It automatically downloads these databases if your nodes can connect to `storage.googleapis.com` domain and either:
> 
> * `ingest.geoip.downloader.eager.download` is set to true
> * your cluster has at least one pipeline with a `geoip` processor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CC BY-SA 4.0 license. It automatically downloads these databases if:

* `ingest.geoip.downloader.eager.download` is set to true
* your cluster has at least one pipeline with a `geoip` processor
* your nodes can connect to `geoip.elastic.co` and `storage.googleapis.com`.
```

Reviewer: On second reading, ignore this suggestion. I see it either-or.
